my marriage didn't work out for the same reason that I think it doesn't
work out for a lot of, uh, new people in the Navy. Number one. I didn't
really understand what the purpose of a marriage was for. Um,
I I know there's a really cheesy thing to say, but, I mean, I have my
father, my mother, and they divorced when I was young, so my mother
kind of just took care of me. So my impression of what family waas
was based on, uh, my mother, my sister who is 10 years older than me
and her three kids. And it's a group of people that kind of take care
of each other. Uh, maybe some people work and then they put money
into the house. Maybe someone has a car, and then they drive people
around. Um, maybe people laugh and joke, you know, you go to these
places and that's what my impression of marriage waas Um, it's a group
of people, um, dealing with family issues. But that's not the right
reason to get married. I got married really young, um, in my eyes
24 years old. And I found this, uh, this gorgeous model. Uh, she was
my, um I lived with her for several years after I split up with my
father. I was 18 years old. I bounced around from house to house,
and eventually I moved in with my best friend. And, um, like, just staying
with that whole entire family for years, One year, two years,
uh, hanging out with the kids and the family and the, you know, going
toe all these barbecues. And, you know, you develop a love for everyone
in the house. You develop a love of strong connection. And I
thought that that was, uh, a good way to make a family. However, when
I eventually asked the like, my best friend at the time, she was my
best friend to be married. I didn't think about her as you know what?
Like I'm going to get old and die with this person. I was just thinking,
You know what? Like she supported me, I support her. Um, let's
just do it. Um, but yeah, months go by and weeks go by and you don't
develop the same type of love that should be in a marriage. Uh,
you should wanna call back, for instance, I'm unemployment. Um, I should
really wanna call back very often to the home. And I was just
so involved with work. Um, really, if I would've looked around to my
left and my right, There are many husbands who would stand in line
for, like, four hours, five hours just to call back to their to their
wife. And that wasn't me. And I should have, you know, I should have
actually, like, been in more contact with my wife to make it less,
and I didn't. When she's asking me for money, I would be thinking,
Well, you know, like, I'm the one who joined the service and this money,
it actually belongs to me. You know, it's It's my cash. I'm working
for this, you know, And that's actually the wrong way to think
about it. You should think every single dollar that comes to me should
be split around, you know? So I was very selfish at the time as
well. Um, yeah, I could go on with a lot of the reasons that I'm I was
a bad person to be a husband to at the time. Um, I think now, maybe
I'm ready. Every single dollar and make should go to my kids in my
family. Um, every single free time that I have each our free time
that I have should go to my friends and family. And I just didn't think
that at the time, um, she had her, um, her items of concern as well,
you know, like, but I'm not her and yeah, it just didn't work out.